# anti-cancer-drug-combination-review

Abstract:
Motivation: Drug combinational therapy against cancer treatment has a promising efficacy response in precision oncology. Recent literatures emerged that most of the anti-cancer drug combinations (ADC) might derive from their independent drug response efficacy, where cancer patients can exploit the most effective drug in drug combinations. Synergistic drug combinational response is the most effective drug therapy for various cancer treatments. However, finding the most effective ADC is challenging and practically infeasible to experimentally screen out from the extensive ADCs. In recent decades, computational approaches have been used to predict the responses of clinical ADC using different pharmacological and multi-omics cancer data. To deal with the challenges and reduce the complexity of drug combination data need to use effective computational tools and approaches to predict efficient ADCs, such as different machine learning algorithms. 

Method and results: We have reviewed state-of-the-art computational methods for ADC prediction in the recent decade. In this review study, we have provided an insightful overview of synergistic ADC response and computational machine learning approaches for ADC with state-of-art existing computational method performance along with advantages and limitations. Moreover, we have reviewed the recent existing drug combination resources for ADC response prediction and found the most effective computational method for anti-cancer drug combination response using a benchmark dataset.
Finally, we have compared different computational approaches using benchmark data for ADC response and discussed the experimental results, limitations, and future direction of ADC response in precision oncology. 
